[How dare you!?]
[Episode 18]
In three days,
the Yan delegation
will have an audience with His Majesty.
Tu'er will likely make his move then.
"The wind howls
and the Yi River cold.
Once the hero departs,
he shall never return."
Your Highness, are you lamenting
that Tu'er and his men won't return alive?
When people read the story of Jing Ke's
attempt on the King of Qin,
some admire Jing Ke's solitary bravery,
while others marvel at
the King of Qin's narrow escape.
But now,
we are neither Jing Ke
nor the King of Qin.
Then we are...
Crown Prince Dan of Yan?
Correct.
He planned the assassination
with great care,
yet one wrong move ruined everything.
In the end, it led to the fall
of his state
and the destruction of his family.
Gentlemen,
do you know where he failed?
Was it because Jing Ke
lacked martial skills?
Tu'er is Yan State's top fighter.
Or was it because...
the King of Qin was too cunning?
Our emperor
is far less cunning than the King of Qin.
Then what was the reason?
Mr. Murong, what do you think?
It's the location.
Exactly.
Jing Ke chose to strike
inside the Qin royal hall.
It was heavily guarded
and the place
the King of Qin was most familiar with.
That was why he could evade the attack.
During peace talks,
security will also be tight.
Tu'er cannot
bring all his men into the palace.
But if not in the main hall,
then where will the talks be held?
Mr. Jia,
we don't have to wait
until the peace talk.
There might be a place
where they can meet in advance.
Mount Bei?
In my view,
His Majesty now protects those Yan people
like a hen protecting her chicks.
It would be unwise for us to confront him
head-on.
However,
the mausoleum on Mount Bei
is nearly complete.
His Majesty should accompany you
to inspect it anyway.
You mean
once the Emperor leaves the city,
those Yan people
will lose their protection,
and we can...
That's exactly what I mean.
Brilliant!
The main hall on Mount Bei
is a perfect place for an assassination.
Right now, the Emperor
is protecting the delegation
with utmost security.
But if he leaves the city
and takes half the troops with him,
the Empress Dowager
will have her chance to strike.
But will the Emperor go?
After all, he doesn't even need to think
to know
it's obvious the Empress Dowager would not
invite him out of the palace
for no reason.
Mr. Jia, have you forgotten?
No one knows
the Emperor's weak spot
better than the Empress Dowager.
Your Majesty,
Her Majesty
will inspect Mount Bei tomorrow.
She wishes to invite you to go with her.
The mausoleum is not yet complete.
Wouldn't it
be too early to go now?
Her Majesty also said that
if you are occupied with state affairs,
she may, according to protocol,
have the Noble Consort
accompany her alone instead.
What did you say?
Please do not take offense, Your Majesty.
I am only conveying Her Majesty's decree.
Since Mother is so concerned
about her final resting place,
as her son,
I have no reason not to go.
Then I shall report back to Her Majesty.
Dan,
the Yan delegation is still in the city.
For the Empress Dowager to invite you
to Mount Bei at this time,
she likely harbors ill intent.
Most likely,
she failed to stop the peace talks
and is now furious out of embarrassment.
That is all the more reason
you must not go.
If I don't go,
she'll make Wanyin go.
But...
I'll settle accounts with her eventually.
It's just a matter of time.
If she insists on choosing tomorrow,
then I will oblige her.
After all,
a mausoleum is meant for the dead.
Mr. Mu,
your foresight is remarkable.
The moment Consort Yu was mentioned,
the Emperor agreed as expected.
That is thanks to His Majesty's
deep affection for Consort Yu.
Love
is a useless thing.
Excellent.
Once the Emperor leaves the palace
and the Yan envoys are dead,
hostility between the two states
will be inevitable.
This war,
Prince Duan will have to fight
whether he wants to
or not.
Tonghao.
Deploy our people.
Tomorrow when the Emperor and I
go to Mount Bei,
keep a close eye on Prince Duan
and make sure
he does not cause any trouble.
Yes, Your Majesty.
I'll see to it right away.
Mr. Mu.
Your Majesty.
Once we leave tomorrow,
the affairs of the city
will be entrusted to you.
Rest assured, Your Majesty.
I will carry out my duties
with utmost care.
I trust your competence.
But...
have you considered this?
Tomorrow, neither I
nor the Emperor will be in the city.
If anything were to happen
to the Yan envoys,
it...
It would surely be
Prince Duan's doing.
Mr. Mu,
you understand my intentions
better and better.
Your Majesty, this move
can not only eliminate the Yan delegation
and halt the peace talks,
it can also pin everything
on Prince Duan afterward.
Even if the people want to complain,
they'll only blame Prince Duan.
Your Majesty,
this plan kills two birds—
no,
three birds—with one stone.
Brilliant.
Truly brilliant.
Mr. Mu,
once this is accomplished,
you will stand above all other officials.
Thank you,
Your Majesty.
Master,
someone sent an invitation.
[Kunyu Palace]
I'm sorry.
What a silly girl.
She still feels
that she disappointed Xiahou Bo.
Why are you here?
You're awake?
Your fever has finally broken.
The medical conditions in ancient times
are terrifying.
How are you feeling?
Let me get you some hot water.
Yu Wanyin.
You don't need to play the good cop,
bad cop with Xiahou Dan.
Just be honest.
What do you want?
Then I won't hold back.
What are you trying to do?
Girls' dorm gossip time—
haven't you ever experienced it?
Trying to play the heartstrings card?
That won't work.
So you really dreamed
of Xiahou Bo just now?
It wasn't him.
Xie Yong'er,
do you still remember
you're a modern woman?
He knew the Empress Dowager
would pressure you,
yet he got you pregnant,
and then didn't cherish you afterward.
Such a heartless jerk,
and you want to apologize to him?
I already told you it wasn't him.
Then who was it?
Could it be...
me?
Sis,
have you finally realized
how good I've been to you?
It was my mom, sis.
I'm sorry.
Maybe because I know who you are now,
I dreamed of things
from before I came here.
That day,
I quarreled with her
over some trivial matter
and didn't even get to apologize.
Before I came,
I actually had a call with my mom.
She said
she learned a new dish
and wanted me to come home
so she could make it for me.
You have no idea,
but I used to complain so much
about my mom's cooking.
Now...
I don't even know when I'll get to eat it.
Where is your hometown?
Beijing.
What about you?
City A.
City A?
Don't you know?
It's the capital.
I know.
Then what's Beijing?
Just a small county.
It's normal that you haven't heard of it.
When exactly did you two
find out about my identity?
At the palace banquet,
when you played the guitar.
That early?
But I wanted to come clean with you
the very next day.
It's just that back then
you were so focused on scheming,
you wouldn't listen at all.
You even tried to frame me
with Wei Zi peony's juice.
This still makes me angry
when I think about it.
His Majesty trusted you so much.
Well,
I didn't know back then.
In the original story,
your character caused Xie Yong'er
a lot of suffering.
So,
characters are characters,
and we are ourselves.
Believe it or not,
I never intended to harm you.
But you have to understand.
We really couldn't
risk telling you our identities directly
at the time.
That makes sense.
Your Highness,
Lord Mu is here.
Your Highness.
I took the liberty of inviting you here
because I have
an unfinished game of chess.
There's one piece
I'm still not sure how to move.
Please tell me, Prince Duan.
Now that we have the stage,
the King of Qin,
and the assassin,
is there no more uncertainty?
Your Highness, your play
is fierce and sharp,
never roundabout,
advancing and retreating
with rhythm and variety.
Truly an exceptional player.
But this game has reached its limit.
If there's any uncertainty left,
it can only be the will of heaven.
Therefore,
I must go see someone
to discern the will of heaven.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
This game
has taken a new turn.
For such a long time,
you've been dealing with
the Empress Dowager
as Mu Yun for me.
Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Murong.
I am willing to serve the true sovereign
to the best of my ability.
Were you a student before you came here?
I've been working for a while.
What did you do?
Just a corporate slave.
It's all the same.
What about you?
I was just 6 months away
from graduating college.
You came here so young?
Poor thing.
I feel like my beautiful life
hadn't even begun
before I ended up in this awful place.
Don't you feel like
everything here is so unreal?
Every day I have to put on an act.
It's driving me crazy.
Totally.
I live every day in fear.
You?
In fear?
I think everything's going smoothly
for you.
You and Xiahou Dan
have been enjoying life to the fullest.
Who said that?
On my very first day here,
Xiahou Dan almost had me dragged out
and buried alive.
Really?
Later in the palace,
the Empress Dowager, the consorts—
who doesn't want me dead?
That's true.
Wait.
I don't.
I never wanted to kill you.
You didn't. But what about Xiahou Bo?
When I was outside the palace,
he sent people to assassinate me.
I nearly ended up
at the bottom of the lake.
No way.
The fire at the library that day
was also set by someone he sent.
The scar on my arm still hasn't healed.
Wasn't that an accident?
He told me so himself.
Is this your first time dating?
So naive.
It's really your first time?
I hadn't graduated from college.
My mom wouldn't let me date.
Gosh.
You're so obedient.
But I do like someone.
Who?
Give Me Five!
I wasn't asking you to high-five me.
It's the name of my idol's group—
Give Me Five,
or GMF for short.
Are you done?
What's with that face?
Wait.
Yu Wanyin.
Are you really here to make peace with me?
It feels like things
have gotten worse between us.
It's all its fault!
Stop right there.
I'm going to put makeup on you!
Don't even think about it!
What's so funny?
-I won't do it again.
-Why hasn't she finished
playing the good cop yet?
I'm going to put makeup on you too!
I won't do it again!
Is she planning to play 81 episodes?
I'll do it to you too!
-Alright, alright!
-Stop!
Stop right there!
Crayon Shin-chan!
Say that again!
Stop.
-In the magnifying glass,
-Stop laughing.
-you did look pretty!
-Come on.
Were you like this...
-in that world?
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
Sit still.
Alright. I'll remove it for you.
That's more like it.
Use mine.
It smells so good.
Why does this makeup remover
smell so nice?
Physician Xiao
added rose essential oil for me.
That setting powder is really nice too.
The texture is so fine.
Physician Xiao added pearl powder for me.
What's happening?
You always mention Physician Xiao.
Why is he so nice to you?
Maybe because I'm a good person.
Look at your gossipy face.
Don't overthink it.
There's nothing between us.
We're buddies.
Something's wrong.
What's wrong?
Then why are you blushing?
I was running just now.
It's so hot.
You think it's like you and Xiahou Dan?
You two are always showing off your love.
Are you two for real or just acting?
Say something.
Your lips are chapped.
Let me apply some lip balm for you.
Don't change the subject.
Do you like Xiahou Dan?
I...
What's so great about him?
He's a tyrant,
always wearing a scowl,
as if someone owes him money.
And he's sickly too.
Well,
then what do you see in Xiahou Bo?
He's cunning, devious,
suspicious, and cold-hearted.
Watch what you say.
What's wrong with that?
Fine, you win.
I...
Actually, at first,
I just wanted to use his influence
to survive.
I didn't intend anything more.
But...
it's just that...
the deeper I fell for him,
the more distant he became.
And the more distant he became,
the more I couldn't accept it.
What's so hard to accept?
You've read the story too.
You should know
that in the original story,
he and your character
were deeply in love.
Why is it that with me,
he's so distant?
Then you're wrong.
He loves no one.
He's the type
of outstanding villain in the stories
who's all about his career.
A workaholic. Understand?
Outstanding?
I don't see it at all.
Why are you here?
Get out.
-What's wrong?
-Get out!
We're not done with makeup yet.
Boys aren't allowed in here.
What's wrong?
Prince Duan asked
to meet Xie Yong'er tonight.
The note
was intercepted by Mr. Bei.
Look.
I got it.
But you need to go out first.
I haven't finished speaking.
-Yu Wanyin...
-Get out.
You...
How dare you lock me outside?
I am the Emperor.
You're a tyrant.
Outrageous.
[Upon hearing about your ordeal, I am
heartbroken. I hope we can meet tonight]
What's wrong?
Did he write you another love letter?
It's Prince Duan.
He wants to meet you.
There's something...
I didn't want to tell you.
[A true confidant is hard to find.
Say no more]
[Let's meet in the flower house today]
[I heard you've been wronged,
and I'm deeply concerned]
[Please take care of yourself
for the future]
You already know
he didn't follow your plan
[A true confidant is hard to find.
Say no more]
and made his own adjustments.
[Let's meet in the flower house today]
But what you don't know
is that while he was
trying to get information from you,
he was using the same words
to manipulate me.
To him, we are both outsiders.
He will never develop feelings
for outsiders.
That's right.
If he takes the throne,
you'll be the first one to die.
Stop talking.
Why shouldn't I?
You haven't told her
about the medicine yet.
What medicine?
The people in the Imperial Medical Bureau
checked the medicine Prince Duan gave you.
Good thing you only took one pill.
If you had taken them all...
What would happen?
Both you and your child would have died.
Only the dead
can keep secrets.
Xiahou Dan,
say one more word and I'll hit you!
Why are you telling me all this?
You could have kept everything from me.
Because I don't want you
to stay in the dark any longer.
Yong'er,
the choice for the next step
is up to you now.
Keep an eye on her.
If anything happens,
report to me immediately.
Yes.
I wonder if it will go smoothly.
It's too late to worry now.
She's already on her way
to meet Prince Duan.
Why don't you trust Xie Yong'er?
Because she's a 2D character.
The so-called free will she shows
is just part of her character
in the story.
It can't be changed.
In this world,
everyone except us is a 2D character,
including those ministers we've persuaded.
They are characterized
as loyal and devoted people.
But what about Xie Yong'er?
Well...
Xu Yao was originally designed
to be on Prince Duan's side.
Yet in the end, he joined us.
So free will does exist.
Xie Yong'er just wasn't strong enough
back then.
Now that I've given her a push,
she could be different.
Let's wait and see then.
Let's see if she lives up to your...
sincerity.
Sincerity?
Are you...
jealous?
Yes, I am.
But...
she's a girl.
That has nothing to do with it.
Then what does it have to do with?
Your Highness.
You're finally here to see me.
You look...
especially beautiful today.
I still look a bit sickly now.
I didn't want you to see me
in an ugly state,
so
I put on a bit more makeup.
Do you like it?
I do.
How are you feeling?
Any better?
Your Highness.
I heard that after your miscarriage,
the Emperor
had people stationed outside your palace.
He called it protection, but it was really
to keep you from leaving.
So how did you manage
to come see me today?
They think they've persuaded me.
So they sent me to gather information.
You mean
the Emperor forced you to come?
Your note asking to meet me
was intercepted by them.
He was furious
and threatened to drown me alive.
But then he suddenly
wanted me to go to the meeting,
telling me
to find out if you have any schemes.
Schemes?
He didn't say much else,
only mentioned having a nightmare.
Maybe he was overthinking,
or perhaps it was a warning.
It seems to be related
to the envoy delegation.
Your Highness,
please take me away.
They will surely kill me.
I will take you away,
but the time isn't right yet.
Yong'er,
for my sake,
you must go back and tell him
everything is normal.
But once I say that,
I'll have no reason to live anymore.
Don't worry.
Tomorrow, Xiahou Dan will go to Mount Bei.
That's a path
of no return.
Then I'll do as you say.
I'll deliver the message to His Majesty
once I'm back.
Thank you.
But don't worry.
I'll secretly send my people
to protect you.
I am with you.
Together, we will
ensure your mission succeeds.
Why is your hand so cold?
My robe.
It's cold,
and you're wearing so little.
Aren't you afraid of catching a cold?
You actually put a dragon robe on me.
If word gets out,
I'll be called a demonic consort again.
Aren't you one already?
There are so many people watching.
No one is watching now.
Are you two for real or just acting?
Do you like Xiahou Dan?
I...
Let's go.
I still have matters to attend to.
My dear,
you should go rest by yourself for now.
Your Majesty.
I'm afraid to sleep alone.
How about...
we sleep together?
CEO Dan,
the moonlight tonight
is beautiful.
The moonlight?
Isn't it?
Yes, it is.
So...
Mr. Bei!
Show him something good.
It can help you fight for justice,
and can also be used for self-defense.
This is something that
can completely overwhelm the bad guys.
Are you kidding me?
This was Wanyin's idea.
Mr. Bei, have you ever thought about
designing an even more powerful mechanism?
For example...
not triggered by internal force,
but by gunpowder?
Gunpowder?
Instead of using internal force
to activate it,
gunpowder drives the mechanism
to continuously launch hidden weapons.
I spent countless nights
figuring it out.
Here,
each of you take one
for self-protection.
However,
you haven't been trained,
so your aim might be off.
Don't use them recklessly.
In history, these are the only two...
Guns?
How can you call them guns?
I named them
Nine Heavens Mystical Fire Repeating
Sleeve Crossbows!
[Yongyan Hall]
CEO Dan?
I'm here.
I haven't left.
Why didn't you wake me up earlier?
This was delivered
by Xie Yong'er this morning.
[All is as usual.
Prince Duan advocates peace talks]
What a perfunctory answer.
Are you still going to trust her?
Hard to say.
If Prince Duan
really is not up to anything,
that would be best.
But if...
You're overthinking it.
Help me put on my crown.
How about...
I go with you to Mount Bei?
No.
You stay here.
If...
If anything happens unexpectedly,
with your exceptional wisdom,
you can respond flexibly
and provide support.
Why do I feel
your answer is quite perfunctory too?
I'm being serious.
Compared to the Empress Dowager,
Prince Duan is the one
we should be wary of.
Besides, have you forgotten?
The Yan delegation is still in the city.
If we both go to the mausoleum
and something happens in the city,
who will take charge?
But with the Empress Dowager suddenly
asking you to go up the mountain,
I feel really uneasy.
I just feel it's not safe.
Have you forgotten
I still have Mr. Bei as my trump card?
He even gave the secret guards
special training.
They're incredibly skilled now.
Don't worry too much.
As for you,
if anything happens,
you must remember
that protecting yourself comes first.
I'm leaving Eunuch An in the palace.
If anything happens in the palace,
he can help out.
Your Majesty,
it's time.
Madam Bei is waiting outside the hall.
Wait for me.
After I come back,
I have something to tell you.
It's unlucky to make such a promise!
Take it back!
No.
Zhang San's Diary.
Is it...
you?
Your Highness!
Did you take my note?
I didn't know
it belonged to Your Highness!
Please forgive me, Your Highness!
[If you're one of my kind, leave
a message. I'd like to meet you]
It's alright.
It's just you and me here.
You can tell me the truth.
I don't understand
what you're talking about.
Didn't you recognize
that patch of flowers?
That SOS!
I did not.
Then why were you digging there?
I work in a nearby side hall.
I often saw
a wandering figure there
and grew curious.
So I dug a little when no one was around.
Are you afraid I'll hurt you?
I won't.
We're the same kind.
You can trust me.
Hello.
How are you?
What's the second half of "study hard"?
I don't understand.
What holiday is June 1st?
Your Highness, you're hurting me.
You're all I have in this world.
You really aren't?
Aren't what?
She isn't!
I have no friends
and no companions!
They're all my enemies!
Help!
Just a second.
Just hold on a little longer.
Just a second!
I didn't want to do it.
I killed someone.